Allow extenders to show data set attributes (#3730)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/CHANGELOG.md

### New features and enhancements

> - Allow extenders to provide additional attributes for data sets with DataSetAttributesProvider. [#3730](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3730)

Reviewer: Should we use past tense and backticks for consistency?
```suggestion
- Added `DataSetAttributesProvider` class to allow extenders to provide additional attributes for data sets. [#3730](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3730)
```
